- So, Neil, looking on the internet,
this is something that's about,
that's going viral.
Ant-Man will kill Thanos
by going into his butt
(laughing)
and then expanding so that he explodes
from the inside out.
- Back to the normal size?
(laughing)
- Right.
Right. Or he could be a giant now
so he could actually expand to--
- Okay, first--
- Wow!
- First, that's nasty.
(laughing)
Because if Thanos is as
powerful and as evil as he is,
he's gonna have powerful, evil poop.
(laughing)
Okay, so I would not want
to find myself in that environment.
But second, I wouldn't think.
Second, why not put something
else in there that expands?
Why does it have to be your own self?
- I bet you Thanos has quantum butt armor
that would prevent that from happening.
- Yeah, what would--
(all laughing)
- Just saying, just saying.
- Quantum butt protectors.
(laughing)
Quantum butt panels.
I don't know.
I'm just saying, if you just want to go in
and expand and kill him,
you don't have to be
the person to do that.
Send some other quantum
thing in there to do it.
- Right, to do it.
By the way, you can look at Thanos.
You know he does kegels, so.
(laughing)
- (in growly voice) Tighten up
the butt cheeks will kill ya.
That's what I'm gonna do.
- You are imitating Eddie
Murphy imitating Mr. T,
in Eddie Murphy's movie.
- That's very, very good.
That's exactly it.
- (in growly voice) Tighten
my butt cheeks and rip your...
(laughter drowns out words)
In the movie.
- That's exactly what it is.
- That was Eddie Murphy, dude.